README.md, before:

# Dendron Workspace Template for Netlify Publishing

![Logos for GitHub, Netlify, and Dendron](https://org-dendron-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/images/blog-header-dendron-netlify.png)

- [View the Demo Website](https://link.dendron.so/netlify-demo)

This project is a minimal setup template for publishing a Dendron Workspace to Netlify.

Directions on how to use this template are mentioned in:
- [Share Your Notes Online: Publish Dendron with Netlify and GitHub](https://blog.dendron.so/notes/7h7zZkjF4Yqz8XSrHS1je)

For a more detailed understanding of how Dendron publishing works, and what's going on behind the scenes, reference:
- [Dendron Docs: Publishing with Netlify](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/yetuum6o9wZi6eVJQBbQb)

## Other Publishing Paths

- [Dendron Docs: Publishing with GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/FnK2ws6w1uaS1YzBUY3BR/)

## Related

* [Dendron Getting Started Guide](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/678c77d9-ef2c-4537-97b5-64556d6337f1/)
* [Dendron Publishing Guide](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/4ushYTDoX0TYQ1FDtGQSg/)
* [Dendron FAQ](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/683740e3-70ce-4a47-a1f4-1f140e80b558/)
* [Dendron Concepts](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/c6fd6bc4-7f75-4cbb-8f34-f7b99bfe2d50/)
* [Netlify Docs Home Page](https://docs.netlify.com/)

## Dendron Community

* Join [Dendron on Discord](https://link.dendron.so/discord)
* Follow [Dendron on Twitter](https://link.dendron.so/twitter)
* Join the [Dendron Newsletter](https://link.dendron.so/newsletter)
* Register for [Dendron Events on Luma](https://link.dendron.so/luma)
* Checkout [Dendron on GitHub](https://link.dendron.so/github)

Commit message:

add "Deploy to Netlify" button

README.md, after:

# Dendron Workspace Template for Netlify Publishing

![Logos for GitHub, Netlify, and Dendron](https://org-dendron-public-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/images/blog-header-dendron-netlify.png)

This project is a minimal setup template for publishing a Dendron Workspace to Netlify.
- [View the Demo Website](https://link.dendron.so/netlify-demo)

## How to start

Click the green "Deploy to netlify" button below. 
- This will open Netlify, which in turn will create a copy of this repository in your GitHub accont
- Give it a fitting name like 'dendron-digital-garden'
- Follow the steps in Netlify to finish the publishing process
- Then your site will be available to public.

[![Deploy to Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/img/deploy/button.svg)](https://app.netlify.com/start/deploy?repository=https://github.com/dendronhq/template.publish.netlify)

## Behind the scenes

Directions on how to use this template are mentioned in:
- [Share Your Notes Online: Publish Dendron with Netlify and GitHub](https://blog.dendron.so/notes/7h7zZkjF4Yqz8XSrHS1je)

For a more detailed understanding of how Dendron publishing works, and what's going on behind the scenes, reference:
- [Dendron Docs: Publishing with Netlify](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/yetuum6o9wZi6eVJQBbQb)

## Other Publishing Paths

- [Dendron Docs: Publishing with GitHub Pages via GitHub Actions](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/FnK2ws6w1uaS1YzBUY3BR/)

## Related

* [Dendron Getting Started Guide](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/678c77d9-ef2c-4537-97b5-64556d6337f1/)
* [Dendron Publishing Guide](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/4ushYTDoX0TYQ1FDtGQSg/)
* [Dendron FAQ](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/683740e3-70ce-4a47-a1f4-1f140e80b558/)
* [Dendron Concepts](https://wiki.dendron.so/notes/c6fd6bc4-7f75-4cbb-8f34-f7b99bfe2d50/)
* [Netlify Docs Home Page](https://docs.netlify.com/)

## Dendron Community

* Join [Dendron on Discord](https://link.dendron.so/discord)
* Follow [Dendron on Twitter](https://link.dendron.so/twitter)
* Join the [Dendron Newsletter](https://link.dendron.so/newsletter)
* Register for [Dendron Events on Luma](https://link.dendron.so/luma)
* Checkout [Dendron on GitHub](https://link.dendron.so/github)
